.github/steps/2-step.md, before:

## Step 2: Work on the Calculator Issue with Copilot CLI

With the issue created, Duck works with the standalone Copilot CLI interactively to start building the calculator application.

### 📖 Theory: Collaborative Development with Copilot CLI

#### Interactive Development with Copilot CLI

The standalone Copilot CLI (`copilot` command) provides a rich interactive experience for development:

- Start a session by simply running `copilot` in your terminal
- Have natural conversations about your code and get intelligent suggestions
- Generate boilerplate code based on your requirements
- Use the latest AI models for cutting-edge responses
- Share your session using the `/share` command to save as Markdown or a gist

#### Custom Agents

Copilot CLI supports custom agents that you can define in your repository:

- Create agent profiles in `.github/agents/` directory
- Encode specialized prompts, tool selections, and workflows
- Invoke agents using `/agent <name>` command
- Great for documentation, infrastructure, security, or domain-specific tasks

#### Delegating Tasks

When you have larger tasks, you can delegate them to Copilot coding agent:

- Use `/delegate TASK-DESCRIPTION` to assign work
- Copilot creates a new branch and draft pull request
- The coding agent works autonomously in the background
- Review the changes when complete

> [!NOTE]
> Using the `/delegate` command to leverage the Copilot Coding Agent (CCA) will consume premium requests from your GitHub Copilot subscription. Regular Copilot CLI commands do not require premium requests.

> [!TIP]
> Use the `/share` command to save your Copilot CLI chat sessions as Markdown files or GitHub gists for future reference!

> [!NOTE]
> References:
>
> - [Using GitHub Copilot CLI](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot/how-tos/use-copilot-agents/use-copilot-cli)
> - [Custom agents in Copilot CLI](https://github.blog/changelog/2025-10-28-github-copilot-cli-use-custom-agents-and-delegate-to-copilot-coding-agent/)
> - [About custom agents](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot/concepts/agents/coding-agent/about-custom-agents)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you have restarted your codespace you may need to run `copilot --allow-all` and then authenticate with GitHub again by running `!gh auth login` in your terminal,
> or use `!gh auth login` from within the Copilot CLI session.

### ⌨️ Activity: Create a New Branch for the Calculator App

1. Create and push a new branch called `create-calc-app`:

   > ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Prompt-text?style=social&logo=github%20copilot)
   >
   > ```prompt
   > copilot -p "Create and push a new branch called 'create-calc-app'"
   > ```

> [!TIP]
> Use the `!` command in Copilot CLI to execute shell commands directly from your chat session. For example, to create and push the branch without leaving chat:
>
> ```prompt
> !git checkout -b create-calc-app && git push -u origin create-calc-app
> ```
>
> Verify the current branch afterward:
>
> ```prompt
> !git branch --show-current
> ```

### ⌨️ Activity: Generate Calculator Code with Copilot CLI based on an Image

1. Start an interactive Copilot CLI session:

   > ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Prompt-text?style=social&logo=github%20copilot)
   >
   > ```prompt
   > copilot --allow-all
   > ```

1. Ask Copilot CLI to help you create the calculator functions based on the image and the GitHub issue created earlier:

   > ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Prompt-text?style=social&logo=github%20copilot)
   >
   > ```prompt
   > @images/js-calculator.png help me create a Node.js CLI calculator app 
   > based on this image and all the math operations shown and detailed
   > in the latest issue in this owner/repository.
   > Create the code and put it in the 'src' directory.
   > Make sure the calculator is commented with the operations it supports.
   > ```

   1. Optional alternatively, use the headless mode with a prompt:

      > ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Prompt-text?style=social&logo=github%20copilot)
      >
      > ```prompt
      > copilot -p "@images/js-calculator.png help me create a Node.js CLI calculator app 
      > based on this image and all the math operations shown and detailed
      > in the latest issue in this owner/repository.
      > Create the code and put it in the 'src' directory.
      > Make sure the calculator is commented with the operations it supports."
      > ```

> [!NOTE]
> While this example uses an image of a web JavaScript calculator, it demonstrates how you can use files (including images) with the Copilot CLI to provide context for your requests.

1. Run and test your calculator functions by asking Copilot CLI:

   > ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Prompt-text?style=social&logo=github%20copilot)
   >
   > ```prompt
   > Run and test the calculator functions with some example operations 
   > shown in the image @images/calc-basic-operations.png.
   > ```

1. Ask Copilot CLI to create comprehensive tests for the calculator functions:

   > ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Prompt-text?style=social&logo=github%20copilot)
   >
   > ```prompt
   > Create comprehensive unit tests for all the calculator functions:
   >- Expand tests based on the following example:
   >   - @images/calc-basic-operations.png
   > - Add these tests to a src/tests/calculator.test.js file
   > - Use a popular Node.js testing framework if one isn't installed
   > - addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division
   > - test edge cases like division by zero
   > - Make sure all tests run and pass
   > ```

> [!NOTE]
> Hit ctrl+o to see output of the passed tests that Copilot CLI ran for you!
  
1. Once satisfied with the code, commit your changes through Copilot CLI:

   > ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Prompt-text?style=social&logo=github%20copilot)
   >
   > ```prompt
   > Add all calculator files to git.
   > Commit with message "Implement basic calculator operations" 
   > Push the changes
   > ```

> [!TIP]
> You can paste or drag-and-drop images into Copilot CLI to provide visual context for your questions!

> [!NOTE]
> Pushing your changes will trigger the workflow to verify your work and prepare the next step!

<details>
<summary>Having trouble? 🤷</summary><br/>

- Make sure you're in the repository directory when running commands
- The `copilot` command requires Node.js 22+ to be installed
- If authentication fails, run `copilot` and follow the login prompts
- You can also edit the calculator.js file manually based on Copilot's suggestions
- Remember to export your functions using `module.exports`

</details>

Commit message:

Update /share command documentation with full syntax
- Replace descriptive text with actual command syntax
- Show [file|gist] [path] parameters explicitly
- Makes command usage clearer and more actionable

.github/steps/2-step.md, after:

## Step 2: Work on the Calculator Issue with Copilot CLI

With the issue created, Duck works with the standalone Copilot CLI interactively to start building the calculator application.

### 📖 Theory: Collaborative Development with Copilot CLI

#### Interactive Development with Copilot CLI

The standalone Copilot CLI (`copilot` command) provides a rich interactive experience for development:

- Start a session by simply running `copilot` in your terminal
- Have natural conversations about your code and get intelligent suggestions
- Generate boilerplate code based on your requirements
- Use the latest AI models for cutting-edge responses
- `/share [file|gist] [path]` - Share session to markdown file or GitHub gist

#### Custom Agents

Copilot CLI supports custom agents that you can define in your repository:

- Create agent profiles in `.github/agents/` directory
- Encode specialized prompts, tool selections, and workflows
- Invoke agents using `/agent <name>` command
- Great for documentation, infrastructure, security, or domain-specific tasks

#### Delegating Tasks

When you have larger tasks, you can delegate them to Copilot coding agent:

- Use `/delegate TASK-DESCRIPTION` to assign work
- Copilot creates a new branch and draft pull request
- The coding agent works autonomously in the background
- Review the changes when complete

> [!NOTE]
> Using the `/delegate` command to leverage the Copilot Coding Agent (CCA) will consume premium requests from your GitHub Copilot subscription. Regular Copilot CLI commands do not require premium requests.

> [!TIP]
> Use the `/share` command to save your Copilot CLI chat sessions as Markdown files or GitHub gists for future reference!

> [!NOTE]
> References:
>
> - [Using GitHub Copilot CLI](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot/how-tos/use-copilot-agents/use-copilot-cli)
> - [Custom agents in Copilot CLI](https://github.blog/changelog/2025-10-28-github-copilot-cli-use-custom-agents-and-delegate-to-copilot-coding-agent/)
> - [About custom agents](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot/concepts/agents/coding-agent/about-custom-agents)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you have restarted your codespace you may need to run `copilot --allow-all` and then authenticate with GitHub again by running `!gh auth login` in your terminal,
> or use `!gh auth login` from within the Copilot CLI session.

### ⌨️ Activity: Create a New Branch for the Calculator App

1. Create and push a new branch called `create-calc-app`:

   > ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Prompt-text?style=social&logo=github%20copilot)
   >
   > ```prompt
   > copilot -p "Create and push a new branch called 'create-calc-app'"
   > ```

> [!TIP]
> Use the `!` command in Copilot CLI to execute shell commands directly from your chat session. For example, to create and push the branch without leaving chat:
>
> ```prompt
> !git checkout -b create-calc-app && git push -u origin create-calc-app
> ```
>
> Verify the current branch afterward:
>
> ```prompt
> !git branch --show-current
> ```

### ⌨️ Activity: Generate Calculator Code with Copilot CLI based on an Image

1. Start an interactive Copilot CLI session:

   > ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Prompt-text?style=social&logo=github%20copilot)
   >
   > ```prompt
   > copilot --allow-all
   > ```

1. Ask Copilot CLI to help you create the calculator functions based on the image and the GitHub issue created earlier:

   > ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Prompt-text?style=social&logo=github%20copilot)
   >
   > ```prompt
   > @images/js-calculator.png help me create a Node.js CLI calculator app 
   > based on this image and all the math operations shown and detailed
   > in the latest issue in this owner/repository.
   > Create the code and put it in the 'src' directory.
   > Make sure the calculator is commented with the operations it supports.
   > ```

   1. Optional alternatively, use the headless mode with a prompt:

      > ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Prompt-text?style=social&logo=github%20copilot)
      >
      > ```prompt
      > copilot -p "@images/js-calculator.png help me create a Node.js CLI calculator app 
      > based on this image and all the math operations shown and detailed
      > in the latest issue in this owner/repository.
      > Create the code and put it in the 'src' directory.
      > Make sure the calculator is commented with the operations it supports."
      > ```

> [!NOTE]
> While this example uses an image of a web JavaScript calculator, it demonstrates how you can use files (including images) with the Copilot CLI to provide context for your requests.

1. Run and test your calculator functions by asking Copilot CLI:

   > ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Prompt-text?style=social&logo=github%20copilot)
   >
   > ```prompt
   > Run and test the calculator functions with some example operations 
   > shown in the image @images/calc-basic-operations.png.
   > ```

1. Ask Copilot CLI to create comprehensive tests for the calculator functions:

   > ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Prompt-text?style=social&logo=github%20copilot)
   >
   > ```prompt
   > Create comprehensive unit tests for all the calculator functions:
   >- Expand tests based on the following example:
   >   - @images/calc-basic-operations.png
   > - Add these tests to a src/tests/calculator.test.js file
   > - Use a popular Node.js testing framework if one isn't installed
   > - addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division
   > - test edge cases like division by zero
   > - Make sure all tests run and pass
   > ```

> [!NOTE]
> Hit ctrl+o to see output of the passed tests that Copilot CLI ran for you!
  
1. Once satisfied with the code, commit your changes through Copilot CLI:

   > ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Prompt-text?style=social&logo=github%20copilot)
   >
   > ```prompt
   > Add all calculator files to git.
   > Commit with message "Implement basic calculator operations" 
   > Push the changes
   > ```

> [!TIP]
> You can paste or drag-and-drop images into Copilot CLI to provide visual context for your questions!

> [!NOTE]
> Pushing your changes will trigger the workflow to verify your work and prepare the next step!

<details>
<summary>Having trouble? 🤷</summary><br/>

- Make sure you're in the repository directory when running commands
- The `copilot` command requires Node.js 22+ to be installed
- If authentication fails, run `copilot` and follow the login prompts
- You can also edit the calculator.js file manually based on Copilot's suggestions
- Remember to export your functions using `module.exports`

</details>
