.github/steps/x-review.md, before:

## Review

_Congratulations, you've completed this exercise and learned a lot about the standalone GitHub Copilot CLI!_

<img src="https://octodex.github.com/images/jetpacktocat.png" alt="celebrate" width=200 align=right>

Here's a recap of your accomplishments:

- ✅ Installed the standalone GitHub Copilot CLI using npm
- ✅ Used an existing issue template to create a feature request
- ✅ Used the `copilot` command for interactive AI-assisted development
- ✅ Generated code for a Node.js CLI calculator app with Copilot CLI
- ✅ Practiced iterative development by expanding the calculator with new features
- ✅ Experienced collaborative coding on the command line with AI assistance

### Explore More Copilot CLI Features

Now that you've learned the basics, explore these additional capabilities:

**Core Features:**

- **Latest AI models**: Access cutting-edge models from OpenAI and Google using `/model` command
- **Image support**: Paste or drag-and-drop images for visual context in your queries
- **`/share` command**: Save your chat sessions as Markdown files or GitHub gists
- **Headless mode (`-p`)**: Use Copilot CLI in automation scripts and CI/CD pipelines

**Advanced Features:**

- **Custom agents**: Create specialized agent personas in `.github/agents/` for domain-specific workflows
- **`/delegate` command**: Assign tasks to Copilot coding agent for autonomous work
- **MCP server support**: Integrate with Model Context Protocol tools for extended functionality

### What's next?

- [GitHub Copilot Documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot) - Learn more about all Copilot features
- [Installing Copilot CLI](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot/how-tos/set-up/install-copilot-cli) - Official installation guide
- [Copilot CLI 101](https://github.blog/ai-and-ml/github-copilot-cli-101-how-to-use-github-copilot-from-the-command-line/) - Comprehensive tutorial
- [Custom agents and delegation](https://github.blog/changelog/2025-10-28-github-copilot-cli-use-custom-agents-and-delegate-to-copilot-coding-agent/) - Advanced agent features
- [Latest Copilot CLI enhancements](https://github.blog/changelog/2025-11-18-github-copilot-cli-new-models-enhanced-code-search-and-better-image-support/) - New features and improvements
- [More GitHub Skills](https://skills.github.com/) - Continue learning with other exercises
- Try using Copilot CLI in your own projects to boost productivity!

Commit message:

feat: enhance documentation for Copilot CLI setup, add pull request workflow, and summarize exercise completion

.github/steps/x-review.md, after:

## Review

_Congratulations, you've completed this exercise and learned a lot about the standalone GitHub Copilot CLI!_

<img src="https://octodex.github.com/images/jetpacktocat.png" alt="celebrate" width=200 align=right>

Here's a recap of your accomplishments:

## Step 1: Install Copilot CLI and Use the Issue Template

- ✅ Installed the standalone GitHub Copilot CLI using npm
- ✅ Verified Node.js and npm installation requirements
- ✅ Used an existing issue template to create a feature request
- ✅ Created the "Create a calculator" issue for the initial feature

## Step 2: Generate a Node.js CLI Calculator App

- ✅ Used the `copilot` command for interactive AI-assisted development
- ✅ Generated code for a Node.js CLI calculator app with Copilot CLI
- ✅ Implemented basic operations (add, subtract, multiply, divide)
- ✅ Created tests for the calculator functions
- ✅ Committed and pushed changes to your development branch

## Step 3: Expand Calculator Functionality

- ✅ Practiced iterative development by expanding the calculator with new features
- ✅ Created a second issue for additional calculator operations
- ✅ Added modulo, exponentiation (power), and square root functions
- ✅ Implemented error handling for edge cases
- ✅ Added comprehensive tests for new operations
- ✅ Experienced collaborative coding on the command line with AI assistance

## Step 4: Create, Review, and Merge Your Pull Request

- ✅ Created a pull request directly from the Copilot CLI
- ✅ Added Copilot as a reviewer for code quality feedback
- ✅ Linked the pull request to both the calculator issues
- ✅ Reviewed pull request status and linked issues from the CLI
- ✅ Merged the pull request using a squash merge strategy
- ✅ Automatically closed both issues upon merge
- ✅ Completed the entire development lifecycle from command line

### Explore More Copilot CLI Features

Now that you've learned the basics, explore these additional capabilities:

**Core Features:**

- **Latest AI models**: Access cutting-edge models from OpenAI and Google using `/model` command
- **Image support**: Paste or drag-and-drop images for visual context in your queries
- **`/share` command**: Save your chat sessions as Markdown files or GitHub gists
- **Headless mode (`-p`)**: Use Copilot CLI in automation scripts and CI/CD pipelines
- **MCP server support**: Integrate with Model Context Protocol tools for extended functionality

**Advanced Features:**

- **Custom agents**: Create specialized agent personas in `.github/agents/` for domain-specific workflows
- **`/delegate` command**: Assign tasks to Copilot coding agent for autonomous work
- **MCP server support**: Integrate with Model Context Protocol tools for extended functionality

### What's next?

- [GitHub Copilot Documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot) - Learn more about all Copilot features
- [Installing Copilot CLI](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot/how-tos/set-up/install-copilot-cli) - Official installation guide
- [Copilot CLI 101](https://github.blog/ai-and-ml/github-copilot-cli-101-how-to-use-github-copilot-from-the-command-line/) - Comprehensive tutorial
- [Custom agents and delegation](https://github.blog/changelog/2025-10-28-github-copilot-cli-use-custom-agents-and-delegate-to-copilot-coding-agent/) - Advanced agent features
- [Latest Copilot CLI enhancements](https://github.blog/changelog/2025-11-18-github-copilot-cli-new-models-enhanced-code-search-and-better-image-support/) - New features and improvements
- [More GitHub Skills](https://learn.github.com/skills) - Continue learning with other exercises
- Try using Copilot CLI in your own projects to boost productivity!
